FAQ - Frequently Asked Questions

The following are frequently asked questions (and frequently anticipated
questions):

* Where are all the IVAs?

Short answer: there aren't any.

Long answer: MAS is a toolkit.  Much like alexustas's ASET Props and ASET
Avionics packs, this mod is geared towards modders who want to create advanced
functional IVAs.  I've included a snapshot of the IVA I am using to develop
MAS features (the Near Future Spacecraft Mk3-9).  It is not a completed
cockpit, and I will not provide support for it.  It is included so IVA makers
can see what MAS can do.  If you want to give it a spin, read the README
in MOARdV/FlightSystems.

* How to Get Support?

Please follow these basic troubleshooting steps before asking for help on the
forum:

1) Are you on the current version of Kerbal Space Program?  Are you using the
latest version of Avionics Systems?  Are your other plugin mods up to date?
Incorrect versions cause problems that are not always obvious in-game.  I
do not support prior versions of KSP, nor do I provide support for prior
versions of Avionics Systems.

2) Did you use CKAN to install?  Due to past problems with CKAN, I do not
support installation via CKAN.  Any CKAN metadata for this mod was created
by a third party without prior consultation with me, and it may be incomplete
or incorrect.  Please uninstall MAS through CKAN and install the mod
manually.  The QuickStart file contains the short list of instructions
for installing this mod.  If you do not know how to install a mod
manually, check on the KSP forum for instructions.

3) If the problem persists with a correct manual installation, please follow
the troubleshooting tips at
http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/index.php?/topic/83212-how-to-get-support-read-first/

4) If you followed these tips, you should have seen information about
The Logs.  Provide those logs, and contact me either on the forum or on
GitHub.  No logs = no support.

* What about CKAN?

At this time, I do not plan on maintaining CKAN metadata.  Any CKAN metadata
for this mod was submitted by a third party, so I do not
guarantee the correctness or completeness in that data.  Any problems
with a CKAN installation must go to the CKAN forum thread.

* What about RasterPropMonitor?

As explained in the Introduction to MAS, the design of RPM placed limitations on
what it could do.  I had a choice to bolt on more functionality to that mod, or
make a clean break with backwards compatibility and streamline the mod.
Instead of outright breaking RPM for everyone, I started a new mod.

At present, I consider RasterPropMonitor in maintenance mode, with no new
features being added and only critical bugs being fixed.  I plan to make sure
RPM remains functional with KSP updates until its market share has dropped
to too small a number to keep it running.

RPM is GPL, so another author could fork the repo and keep adding features
to it if desired.  I am willing to accept pull requests for additional RPM
features, but I don't plan on expending a great deal of effort to support
such new features going forward - any work beyond basic maintenance will
be the responsibility of those authors.

* What about all the RPM props?

They still work with RPM.

Part of my plan for Avionics Systems is to roll out a tool that can process
prop config files and convert existing RasterPropMonitor configs to Avionics
Systems configs.  The details of that tool (standalone / DLL for KSP) have
not been finalized, and it may not happen.

* Why Lua?  Why MoonSharp?

Lua is a well-known scripting language, particularly in game environments.  It
provides a great deal of flexibility and extensibility for IVA creators.
MoonSharp was selected because it is still active, and it includes pre-made
DLLs for use with Unity, with an easy-to-locate repository on GitHub.
