Yarbrough08 Mk. 1-1 A2 Command Pod README

This IVA uses the Yarbrough08 Mk. 1-1 A2 two seat command pod
(http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/index.php?/topic/88604-wip-105-2-kerbal-command-pod-mk-1-1-a2-alpha-04-spacedock/).
The YarbroughMk1-1A2_Update.cfg file in this directory is a Module
Manager patch that updates the pod and its heatshield to be similar to
current KSP pods.

The Mk. 1-1 A2 Command Pod was the primary development platform for MOARdV's
Avionics Systems.  It is the most complete MAS command pod, and it
illustrates some of what is possible in MAS.  Some of those capabilities
are very difficult or impossible to duplicate using RasterPropMonitor.

You will need to install Module Manager and the ASET Props pack.
Obviously, you need the Yarbrough08 command pod.

MechJeb is very strongly recommended.  Chatterer and RealChute are
recommended.

A short orientation to the cockpit layout:

Most of the pilot functionality is focused on the left (first IVA) seat.
The second primarily duplicates the first seat's functionality and instruments.

Several sections of the cockpit have separate power switches located near
them (the X-pointer, the FDAI, the IMP/Globus, the clocks, and the MechJeb
data entry panels on the upper center column).

Some of the features to look at in this build:

The instrument backlight is a dimmer switch, not an on-off switch (it's near
the center of the left seat's left side panel).

Action Group buttons above the window do not illuminate if there are no actions
assigned to that group.

The MechJeb control panel (upper center) has a numeric
keypad that allows the crew to type in numbers, and mode buttons
that allow the panel to read from or write to various MJ autopilot
"registers" (launch altitude, launch inclination, Ap, Pe, and Altitude).

Some multi-mode buttons have dimmed backlights on some captions -
for instance, the speed mode button (switch between surface, orbit,
and target) and the FDAI scale buttons illuminate when enabled,
but inactive options are dimmer than the active one.

The MFDs in the left (pilot) seat are advanced designs that include scrolling maps,
MechJeb programming, virtual "mechanical" gauges, a user-configurable set of resource
gauges, the ability to set waypoints from the list of customized waypoints,
and more.  They also demonstrate actual softkeys, where a given key on the
upper or lower edge of the display can have different behavior depending on
which page is visible.  On the center console between the two crew is an older-style
MFD whose behavior is more like a RasterPropMonitor MFD.
