Bluedog Design Bureau Kane Command Pod README

This IVA uses a modified version of the KP0110 IVA
(http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/index.php?/topic/74147-k-p0110-apollo-like-crew-module-now-with-source-files-included/)

The KP0110 IVA in a Kane Command Pod is the current development platform for MOARdV's
Avionics Systems.  It is not a completed MAS command pod, but it
illustrates some of what is possible in MAS.  Some of those capabilities
are very difficult to duplicate using RasterPropMonitor.

This is *not* a complete IVA.  You can probably do most orbital transfer
and rendezvous tasks from this IVA, but it's not complete, and it's not
meant to be a play IVA yet - it's intended to showcase MAS and give me an
in-game environment to test things out.

You will need to install Module Manager and the ASET Props development
build (dev 1.4.3 from 3-May-2017 or later - see the ASET Props thread).
Obviously, you need Bluedog Design Bureau (at least the Kane pod).

MechJeb is very strongly recommended.  Chatterer and RealChute are
recommended.

A short orientation to the cockpit layout:

Most of the pilot functionality is focused on the left (first IVA) seat.
The MFD is mostly functional.

Several sections of the cockpit have separate power switches located near
them (the digital fuel monitor, the ARRT, the X-pointer, the FDAI, the
IMP/Globus, the clocks, and the MechJeb data entry panels).

Some of the features to look at in this build:

The instrument backlight is a dimmer switch, not an on-off switch (it's near
the lower-center of the left seat's console).

Action Group buttons do not illuminate if there are no actions assigned
to that group.

The MechJeb control panel (upper center) has a numeric
keypad that allows the crew to type in numbers, and mode buttons
that allow the panel to read from or write to various MJ autopilot
"registers" (launch altitude, launch inclination, Ap, Pe, and Altitude).

Some multi-mode buttons have dimmed backlights on some captions -
for instance, the speed mode button (switch between surface, orbit,
and target) and the FDAI scale buttons illuminate when enabled,
but inactive options are dimmer than the active one.
